feat: add hooks library to generator (#1304)
asyncapi/generator: README.md

1. [Generator](apps/generator): This is a tool that you can use to generate whatever you want basing on the AsyncAPI specification file as an input.

1. [Hooks](apps/hooks): This library contains generator filters that can be reused across multiple templates, helping to avoid redundant work. Hooks are designed to let template developer to hook into the template generation process. Like for example one can create a hook code that will be automatically invoked right after the template generation process has ended.

> 1. [Nunjucks-filters](apps/nunjucks-filters): This library contains generator filters that can be reused across multiple templates, helping to avoid redundant work. These filters are designed specifically for Nunjucks templates and are included by default with the generator, so there's no need to add them to  dependencies seprately.

Author: don't worry `1.` is always used, it is markdown feature, so you do not have to worry on proper order of numbers, see rendered version: https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/blob/aa35277c7384a2b33767cd8706da615bdcbd1292/README.md

1. [Nunjucks-filters](apps/nunjucks-filters): This library contains generator filters that can be reused across multiple templates, helping to avoid redundant work. These filters are designed specifically for Nunjucks templates and are included by default with the generator, so there's no need to add them to  dependencies seprately.

![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@asyncapi/generator?style=for-the-badge) ![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@asyncapi/generator?style=for-the-badge)

> > warning: This package doesn't support AsyncAPI 1.x anymore. We recommend to upgrade to the latest AsyncAPI version using the [AsyncAPI converter](https://github.com/asyncapi/converter-js) (You can refer to [installation guide](/apps/generator//docs//installation-guide.md)). If you need to convert documents on the fly, you may use the [Node.js](https://github.com/asyncapi/converter-js) or [Go](https://github.com/asyncapi/converter-go) converters.

Author: v1 of asyncapi was ages before, better remove it as it only confuse instead of helping

You can find above templates and the ones provided by the community in **[this list](https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Aasyncapi+topic%3Agenerator+topic%3Atemplate)**

## Filters

 `apps/nunjucks-filters` library contains generator filters that can be reused across multiple templates, helping to avoid redundant work. These filters are designed specifically for Nunjucks templates and are included by default with the generator, so there's no need to add them to  dependencies seprately.

This library consists of:

- Custom filters. Check out [API docs](apps/nunjucks-filters/docs/api.md) for complete list
- Lodash-powered filters. For the list of all available filters check [official docs](https://lodash.com/docs/)

## Hooks

> `apps/hooks` library contains generator filters that can be reused across multiple templates, helping to avoid redundant work. [Hooks](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/hooks) are functions called by the generator on a specific moment in the generation process. Hooks can be anonymous functions but you can also add function names. These hooks can have arguments provided to them or being expected to return a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `apps/hooks` library contains generator filters that can be reused across multiple templates, helping to avoid redundant work. [Hooks](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/hooks) are functions called by the generator at specific moments in the generation process. Hooks can be anonymous functions, but you can also assign them function names. These hooks can have arguments provided to them, or they may be expected to return a value.
```

> These hooks are included in generator without adding any specific dependency to the library. You still have to enable given hook in the configuration explicitly because some hooks can execute automatically without passing a specific parameter. [Learn more about configuration and what hooks are available out of the box](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/hooks#official-library).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These hooks are included in the generator without adding any specific dependency to the library. You still have to enable the given hook in the configuration explicitly because some hooks can execute automatically without passing a specific parameter. [Learn more about configuration and what hooks are available out of the box](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/hooks#official-library).
```

## Contributing

> For developement setup you can follow the detailed guide in [Developement guide](Development.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the development setup, you can follow the detailed guide in [Developement guide](Development.md)
```
